It is the start of a Monday in early May for the town of Northeaston, or "Anytown" for the hip: concrete suburbia struggling to conquer dusty rolling hills, crashing into indomitable old-timey charm and piling into a modest but shiny city center. The sun has just peeked above the horizon, casting golden light across the land and into windows, stirring souls much like those you may already know, yet not quite the same. Eyes beign to open, lips take their first conscious breaths, hands flex and grasp for the first time in hours - a perfectly average morning. Except: eyes more readily light up at the sight of an abundant human form, lips more easily curl into smiles at the prospect of a big meal, and hands are more accustomed to the feel of soft curves or warm rolls beneath them. This is a world whose inhabitants, quite simply, are down with the thickness.
Which brings us to you.
You are a twenty-something white-collar man, for our purposes we shall call you Anon. The warm golden tide of sunlight reaches your bedroom window and washes over you. You grumble something and turn your back on Sol's warmth, trying to miser a few more moments of sleep before beginning your own day.
A horrendous cacophany explodes from your nightstand. Not the prosaic clanging of your smartphone's alarm clock, a genuine electronic pandemonium, like an truckload of dial-up modems screaming in terror before being devoured by an industrial shredder. Yanked immediately and thoroughly awake, heart pounding, you nearly fall out of bed scrambling over to determine exactly what the hell is going on with your device. Your phone screen is a roiling malebolge of alphaneumeric characters, jpeg fragments and scintillating rogue pixels, and just as you're wondering if the formerly-trusty device is about to explode, a calm eye of sorts emerges amidst the digital storm. 
Transfixed, you see some characters appear, clear as day, spelling out "Are you ready for today?"
All you can do is blink. As you behold but fail to process the spectacle, the first message disappears, replaced by "Time to wake up".
You stupidly gawp at the screen, and just as the gears finally begin to turn and you resolve to throw the cursed device out the window, stillness falls and the screen goes black. Fingers trembling ever so slightly, you tap at the screen, and your device lights right up as usual, cheerily displaying the colorful abstract design serving as your lock screen.
With your free hand, you rub a temple and hiss to yourself, "what the fuck", hesitantly plugging in your passcode with the other thumb. The smartphone completes its login as though nothing happened - not a single pixel on your home screen seems to be out of place. You sigh, note the time, and move to disable the normal wakeup alarm only to remember something: that you had activated a new "Most Obnoxious Alarm Ever" app last night. You loose another long slow sigh, this one ending in a bit of a growl, as you wrestle with a fresh urge to spike your phone into the wall for daring to work as you told it to. Better judgment wins out, and you silently uninstall the app which admittedly did live up to its name. A yawn, released slowly, then you heave yourself to your feet and shuffle into your monring routine.
The spectacular wakeup performance of your phone is by far the most exciting thing to happen in months, and that realization gets you a touch reflective as you freshen up. Is this going to be your life from here on out? Morning coffee, modestly-challenging job, shuteye, then do it all over again for another thirty-plus years? Maybe get a house somewhere in there (if the earning situation keeps up, this might actually be in the cards before thirty)? 
Good lord. Your frontal lobe has just finished baking and you're already thinking in terms of years. And there isn't even a lady in the picture, plus-sized or otherwise. After spitting some toothpaste and rinsing out your mouth, you take a moment to stare down the man in the mirror. You're not exactly displeased: handsome by your own reckoning, though you perpetually wish you could make it to the gym more no matter how many ads or slogans you see extolling "soft boys". What does displease you is a returned sliver of white: a gray hair that first appeared front-and-center during a particularly tough round of final exams back in college. A moment with tweezers and the unwelcome memento mori is washed down the drain. With that, you let out a deep effortful sigh, consciously draining some angst from your chest, which makes space to notice a gnawing sensation a bit further down. Perhaps adulting won't seem so dire after some breakfast.
While slouched into a kitchen chair and picking at some toast, your phone buzzes again. After your bizarre wakeup, the sound sends a lightning bolt through you, and you glance over half-expecting the thing to be on fire.
No fire, no malfunctions, but there is small a surprise: a notification from your Photogram app. 
You roll your eyes, oddly relieved at the mundane digital-age annoyance and at the app's insistence on itself. As you swipe away the banner, you partially register the message: something about a "Val" posting a new picture. The name doesn't quite ring a bell, but something about it tugs at you. For a second you consider bowing to your impulse and opening up the app, but then you notice the time and decide it's probably more prudent to finally haul yourself to the office. The remaining toast goes into your mouth, then you wrap up the rest of your morning routine. Shoes on, hair combed, you're out the door and in your car.

~~~~~

Morning in the office is a fluorescent blur. Spreadsheets, the same tired jokes about the weather, the same dirtlike breakroom coffee, stealth glances at well-fed office lady butts in plus-sized pants or skirts. 
Around noon you take a much-needed break back to the real world, and trek out from the building, walking towards a food court a few minutes away. There's quite a few options, but a certain sandwich shop, the local Lotza's franchise, is your favorite. Not for the food, though it is solid.
The line stacked up before the ordering counter is actually a blessing in your book, because it gives you plenty of time to steal eyefuls of a seemingly-omnipresent chubby cashier girl. Her black work jeans are practically sprayed over thick hips and a luscious tummy pooch, and her uniform shirt seems to strain with every motion of her plump middle and arms. A nametag, pinned conspicuously near plunging cleavage, declares the owner of said cleavage to be one Syl. A grin never leaves her round face as she effortlessly weaves small talk in between taking orders, and a short chestnut ponytail bounces around cheerfully as she gestures and works.
Soon enough you're face to face with Syl the cashier. A hand sinks into her denim-clad flank as she politely awaits your order.
"Hi, just a number 3 with an unsweet tea, please."
"Sure thing," she says with a smile. "Anything else?"
"Nah, that's it."
"You sure? You look pretty hungry to me." Now a grin, and a wink.
"Temptation," you laugh. "Just what I need! But no, I'm good."
She punches in your order to the screen while evenly retorting, "It's a lot easier than you'd think. Especially for a regular like you."
You must've replied with a stupid face, because Syl laughs again.
"Always gotta try!" She hands you a receipt. "It'll be ready in a few minutes."
A spin by the self-serve fountain, a double-check that you're indeed selecting the reserve of unsweetened tea, then a few awkward minutes with the other hungry patrons at the pickup area. The staff is working fast, and you've barely settled in to wait before you're scooping up your tray and making your way outside for some fresh air. A sudden unbidden vision of Syl growing fatter in real-time, her strained uniform growing tighter, and tighter, seams starting to give, imagining a breathy moan escaping her lips... You mentally swat away the spicy but ill-timed fantasy and find a free table.
The number three is a turkey sandwich, stacked with a quotidian array of lettuce, tomato, and mayo, but with a rather uniquely savory toasted bun. You've barely swallowed the first bite of your meal when a gruff voice erupts to your side.
"She did WHAT? Oh, not again..."
Managing not to jump, you turn towards the voice and take in a sturdy but scruffy blue-collar guy leaning against a nearby table. One hand holds a cell phone to his ear, the other rubs a grey-streaked temple. Judging from the fluorescent hi-vis vest (partially hiding a Dropkick Murphys t-shirt) you guess the guy's working at one of the nearby construction projects.
"Well if little miss Carol actually apologized this time, I'll make sure my daughter does too."
Silence on this end of the line, then, "Right. I appreciate that, I suppose. Yes, I'll be able to pick her up after school today. And yes, I'll talk to her. Again."
With that, the guy hangs up and slams a hand onto the table, cursing not quite under his breath. He glances up and makes eye contact with you. You know better than to act innocent, so you simply play the situation straight. "Sorry, man, wasn't trying to eavesdrop. Everything ok?"
His body language is hard to get a fix on. After a tense moment he says, "Not really. My daughter got into another fight at school today."
The man's stark admission isn't particularly surprising, but it's still jarring. "I'm sorry to hear that. Teenager?"
A "yeah" plus a glance off to the side. The next moment, the man's gaze is back on you.
"Honestly, I'm at fuckin'... wit's end, dude. If you've got any ideas, I - nah, that's stupid. I shouldn't be bothering you with my problems."
Something about his weary body language grabs at you. "It's ok. What kind of advice? Dunno how much help I'd be, but I can give it a shot."
The man visibly slouches a touch more and sighs, "You sure?"
You nod and set your sandwich down. This seems serious.
"My daughter Lisa, she's fifteen and... Ugh, it's so crazy, man. She's turned into a total wild card, I don't know where it came from. She could be a complete hellion one moment, and the next she's apologizin' from the bottom of her heart."
After a long pause, "I just don't know what to do. Part of me's thinkin' about military school. All this is on top of her getting arrested last week!" He quickly clarifies, probably to answer your raised eyebrows, "They let her off with a warning, but still. I'm just worried that she's on a fast track to some real trouble."
Gesturing at a nearby seat, you finally reply, "Geez, that does sound serious. But maybe we can put our heads together."
The man extends his hand, and the two of you shake. His grip is calloused and firm, but respectful - he doesn't try to yank your arm off. "Duane."
"Anon. Nice to meet you."
After Duane sits, a small smile cracks his stubbly face. He smells a bit like an ashtray. "To be fair, the arrest was for some bullshit loitering charge. I got into way worse trouble when I was her age, heh. Thank God we didn't have the internet back then."
He chuckles again, and you offer a small laugh in return.
"So," you start cautiously. "I'm not a dad, and I don't know shit about raising any sort of kid, much less a teenage girl. But if you're asking me to talk off the cuff..."
"I think I am."
"It sounds like your daughter might be acting out for attention? It's a real common thing for teenagers, or so I've heard."
Duane gazes past you and watches a few cars roll by on the nearby road. "I'd considered that," he eventaully replies. "Everything's been fucked since the divorce."
Taken aback, you avoid stammering, "I'm sorry?"
"Don't be. There's a reason I got custody. But that's a whole 'nother can of worms."
Another pause, but Duane continues monologuing a bit. Maybe he just needed a sympathetic ear. "I know I haven't been around much. I'm busting my ass to keep a roof over our heads, but I know little Lisa ain't seeing that. She just sees her dad not around much."
"That's gotta be real tough. I couldn't imagine, Duane."
"Yeah..."
Now an awkward pause, then an idea. "The two of you must bond over something, right? Uh, maybe there's a class that she really enjoys?"
Duane's eyes seem to light up a bit. "Lisa gets ok grades, but now that you've mentioned it - we took a trip to the Carbon Spires National Park last year. She took so many pictures with her crummy lil' phone, I saved some cash and got her a proper digital camera that Christmas!"
"Hey, that's something!"
"God, I've been so burnt-out from work, I barely noticed she's been snapping up tons of pictures." Duane scratches his chin pensively. He hammers a fist onto the chintzy table, drawing a couple nearby sets of eyes. "I'm going to set aside more energy for her. She's my goddamned daughter. She deserves nothing less!"
You grin at your surprise guest. "She's got to know you're busting your ass, and I'm sure that even a quick photo review session would mean a lot to her!"
Duane grins at you and grips your shoulder. Internally you hope he isn't smudging your shirt, but more than that you're charmed by this moment of human connection. "Maybe she'd be into some photography lessons," he muses. "It'd be a way to keep her out of trouble too.."
The two of you share a quick laugh, then with a metallic scrape, the older man is back on his feet. "Man I picked a winner, huh?" He chuckles. Before he turns to leave, he fishes something out from his vest pocket. It's a business card, a little bent up but otherwise fine. "Hey, Anon, you're alright. Dunno if you'd want to keep in touch with an ol' tradesman, but if ya do..."
Accepting the card, you reply, "Thanks man. I just hope I gave you good advice!"
He turns a bit more, but another laugh, "Can't hurt! And if worse comes to worse, I'll figure something out. I'm a big boy after all!"
And finally, he's dipped into the sandwich shop, doubtless an easy mark for Syl's upselling charms. You do actually load Duane's contact info into your phone, praying that the device won't eat the data with another digital seizure some day.
The rest of your meal is blessedly lonely. Soon enough, you've tossed your trash and are headed back out of the restaurant, though not before stealing one more glance at Syl. This time she's unwittingly struck a pouty pose, chubby hip checked to the side as she glares at an apparently-misbehaving register.
You only allow yourself a moment, then are promptly pounding concrete on the way back to your office building. Thoughts of your eventful lunch swirld in your mind, but Duane's predicament just doesn't stick. Maybe you push him and his daughter aside because you've already done all you reasonably can to help. In spite of your altruistic insticts, of course it's Syl, that reubenesque sandwich goddess, who takes up the most space in your head.
"You look pretty hungry to me..."
Quit thinking with your dick, man. Yeah, you are in fact hungry, maybe because you've been single for too long. Besides, she probably says that to everybody.

~~~~~

After a quick walk and drinking in some gentle sunlight, you're back in the office and heading back to your cube. As you're about to round a corner, you jump back with a start, barely avoiding being flattend by a beefy middle manager. The other man yelps and looks up from a thick binder, and a breath later apologizes profusely and laughs. Once your heart resumes beating you make your own rote apology as well. The other man promptly resumes his course; you've seen him around before but can't recall his name. Maybe he's with accounting? Regardless, you approach the corner again, this time cautiously peering around and allowing generous spacing. Nobody's barreling toward the corner this time, and you get back to your workstation without incident.
An email is waiting for you once you've logged back in. It's from your boss, Mr. Axel, better known ironically as "Mr. Axe". In a to-the-point but pleasant missive, he praises your assistance with some earlier export deals but drops a big surprise assignment into your lap: you are to take the lead on sourcing a few tons of Indonesian ironwood for a boutique stateside carpentry workshop. Your mind is immediately spinning, right away trying to plan for the sheer amount of paperwork and officials you'll have to navigate. Once you've picked your jaw up off the floor, you finish reading the email, trying to take encouragement from your boss' closing words: "I know this is going to be a reach, but I think you're ready to learn how international trade really happens. You won't quite be flying solo on this one either. I'll be checking your work as you go, but I do want you to be making the calls and sending the emails. Don't forget about the time-change over there! Think of this like learning to ride a bike: I'll be right off to the side if you lose your balance so to speak, but I genuinely think you can handle this. We'll chat once you have a plan put together. Best, Elliott 'Axe'"
The first thought you have after perusing the email an extra time or two is that you didn't actually experience that bike-riding metaphor as a little kid. Sure you know what that moment should look like, you've seen it in plenty of sappy movies or commercials. But you never experienced it; you figured out the whole bike balance thing while your dad was at work and your mom had dipped inside for a phone call. Come to think of it, your parents have been surprisingly uninvolved in your life since you went off to college.
Yeesh, where are these gloomy thoughts coming from? Probably dread at the task before you. Still, no time like the present. 
You dash off an acknowledgement to your boss of your new assignment and head right for the corporate L ("library") drive to look for some references. Your fresh motivation cracks a little as the file browser hangs for several long seconds. Just as you're contemplating getting some coffee, the server responds, divulging a wealth of regulations, notable contacts, and guidebooks for the various regions of the world. The Indonesia folder is pretty slim pickings, but you do find a few actionable references in a Southeast Asia collection, enough to get you started at least. It's slow going. A lot of the documents are untranslated, and you incidentally learn that the region uses two subtly different languages both termed "Bahasa". Thankfully they both translate to English pretty painlessly. Despite the slog and the false starts, it's actually pretty engaging. Thumbing through foreign environmental regulations might not be many people's idea of a good time, but for you it's an interesting glimpse into another culture. And at the very least you can find it engaging if you're being paid to.
With some bass-heavy instrumental tunes thumping through your ear buds, you easily slide into a work trance, steadily building up a to-do list of foreign offices to contact, forms to fill out, and what you think should be more general pointers. Your office's translation software is reliable but slow, so you find yourself juggling multiple translation jobs at once, even making a little game out of how many documents you can keep in processing while not letting any completed jobs sit. The streak is broken by a tap on your shoulder. 
You jump in your seat as you practically hear your focus shatter. Quick breath, buds out, a second to return to reality, then you turn your chair, looking up into the dusky, round, and apologetic visage of your coworker Sonia. Sonia's a big girl - easily wide enough to keep your from leaving your cube at the moment, and you're a little surprised you didn't notice her abundant presence when she approached. She looks at you wide-eyed and anxiously adjusts her tight grey blouse; somehow you suspect she might be blushing, though her apple cheeks look much the same as usual. She takes a breath then breaks the silence, "Hey. Sorry I scared you, Anon."
"It's alright. I was pretty tunnel-visioned there," you soothe, and then glance back at your screen to finally notice a handful of missed pings from the office chat tool. You chuckle, "whoops".
Sonia just gets right to business, "Could I borrow your file on the Davis accounts?"
"Sure thing," and in a few moments you've rifled through your cabinet of binders, extracted a glossy white folio, and presented it for your colleague.
Sonia takes the folder and tucks it under a squishy arm, saying, "I'd love to stay and chat, but I'm guessing you're busy?"
"Afraid so," you sigh. The disappointment is genuine: Sonia almost always has an insightful or funny take on any topic, and she always dresses to compliment her prodigidous figure. "We'll catch up later? I've been dying to know if those pepper plants pulled through."
Sonia chortles, sending a couple small wobbles though her plush torso, "Imma hold you to that. Come swing by my cube when you want to know the ending."
"Can do!"
"Alright, see you later." With that, Sonia turns and waddles away from your cube. You watch as she disappears, her snazzy outfit struggling to contain her jiggling curves. For an instant you're tempted to pop away from your workstation and stare some more but immediately think better of it.
You do still lock your screen and pull away from your workstation, instead taking advantage of your broken trance to refresh a bit. Bathroom pitstop and some fresh cooler water, then you're sitting back down and finally seeing the time: 4:12PM. You slap in your password without concious effort, instead doing some cost-benefit calculations about your current task. Upon returning to your digital workspace, you decide to buckle in again. The afternoon saw some good progress, but you just don't quite feel at a stopping point yet. Resigning yourself to an extended day, you stretch your hands, pop your earbuds back in, and get back to it.
You've barely even noticed the sun's disappearance by the time you call it on the day's research and planning. 7:34PM. You blink your eyes hard. They're dry and the sockets twinge slightly, and you've definitely got a diffuse headache, plus you're absolutely ravenous. But you've collected a lot of information, and more importantly, left yourself notes to pick up tomorrow. You save your work, mashing the hotkeys repeatedly like a madman, then finally lock your workstation for good and shove away from your desk. The office is deserted, and in moments you've heaped yourself into your car and are limping towards the nearest drive-through Burger Tyrant. One unwholesome but satisfying bacon cheeseburger combo later, you finally haul yourself home and trade your stale office clothes for a light t-shirt and mesh shorts. The couch calls loudly, but on a lark you instead decide to pop into one of your kitchen cabinets. A few moments later, you are indeed settling on the couch, but with a couple fingers of half-passable whiskey to help unwind. 
The TV goes on and the whiskey disappears surpisingly fast; and since you're apparently in an unwise mood, you get yourself another splash of the stuff. You make a point of sipping at your second helping, your head already fuzzy from exhaustion and the first glass. A thought suddenly dirfts to the fore. Or returns, as it were: that Photogram notification from the morning. 
Setting down the glass, you get out your phone, pull up Photogram, and immediately remember why the name "Val" rang a bell. She was an almost-friend of yours from high school, though the two of you ran in different circles. Val (short for Valentine, which she hated) Sojka cut a striking figure to say the least: Blonde, blue-eyed, fair-skinned, and athletic. Well, "athletic" is underselling it: she was a muscular six-foot-three, outweighed most adult men, and improbably was one of the all-time best tight ends on the football team, boy or girl. She's hard to forget, though you apparently managed it for a moment.
You're not especially active on social media, nor are many of your old teenage friends. Val puts up the occasional picture on Photogram, almost always something gym-related, and judging by her camera roll, usually with her old high school sweetheart Dale nearby. ...until the last couple of months, apparently. About the last dozen or so photos have been Val lifting some serious weights, but rather pointedly alone in the frame. Despite your preference for larger figures, you always got along with Val on the occasions when you actually got to chat, and there's just something about her workout photos that have your attention. None of them are shot or posed with any particular intention towards sexiness, and maybe it's the whiskey doing some thinking for you, but you're undeniably intrigued. Perhpas it's the aura of self-assured confidence that seems to exude out of every frame. Your nosy research instincts kick right back on, and you're poring over every caption and every comment from around Dale's disappearance. Best you can find is a caption from one of the earlier "solo Val" pictures that alludes to "starting a new phase of my career and my life". Hard not to read that as a declaration of single-ness. Before you can stop yourself, you're composing a DM. About the last thing you properly remember from the evening was stopping yourself from opening with the word "hey". But you do also remember sending the DM, with whatever happened to be on your whiskey-tipsy mind at the moment.

~~~~~

The next morning starts off badly. You're awoken by a headache, and an uncomfortable look at your phone's glaring screen reveals that you've overslept, though not by much. You bat aside some notifications and clumsily interrogate your still-disloyal alarm clock app... Only to discover you never activated it last night. You curse. Work, your phone, yourself for drinking too much, not taking care of yourself and for not being responsible. With time tight, you roll out of bed, stumble into the bathroom and dunk just your head into the shower. The warm, steamy stream is immediately pleasant and soothing, but you can't dwell on the small luxury. A minute or so later, you towel off fractionally refreshed, then freshen up as best you can, throw on some interchangeable mix of Bolo shirt and slacks, grab an emergency canned coffee from the fridge, pair it with a packet of Toas-Tarts, but take a second to chase a handful of headache meds with a big glass of water. Morning routine "done" in record time you shamble out to your car and make for the office. At least the morning rush gives you time to house your breakfast and actually wake up a bit.
You're still not exactly at your best by the time you limp into the office, but the headache is fading and the first of doubtless many doses of coffee is starting to hit. Back to your desk and the task from yesterday (and last night). This time it's not nearly as fun. Nevertheless you persevere, building up your action plan point by hard-won point. Close to noon, you're seriously hungry and definitely looking for an excuse to step away for an extended moment.
The nearby food court calls once again. A short walk and some fresh air does wonders for your tired achey brain, and you know just the thing to fully get yourself back on track. Greek George's Gyros isn't nearly as welcoming or cozy as Lotza's from yesterday, but some greasy lamb meat plus feta and a pita is perfect for routing the remnants of your hangover. George's place is the definition of "hole in the wall"; the two rickety plastic tables on the actual site are predictably occupied, so you head outside to a common plaza area and settle at a blocky concrete table. You don't even remember actually eating your gyro, but you do feel noticeably better, maybe even close to normal, by the time you're napkin-ing your face and hands clean. With plenty of time left on your lunch break, you're about to settle in for a bit of people-watching when your phone buzzes in your pocket.
Initially figuring the notification is either from work or some intrusive ad or app, you aren't properly primed for seeing that you've actually got a Photogram DM. Pff, there's no way, right? It doesn't immediately register that the DM is in fact a reply from Val. Once it does register, you nearly drop your phone as a wave of sickening embarassment rots your core and threatens to dredge up your lunch.
"Sure! I'm definitely down to meet up"
For a long moment you don't know what to feel. Unwarranted embarassment and self-loathing are steadily smothered by elation, and eventually you manage to feel a thrill of delight at Val's reply. You somehow managed to be relatively suave in a cold DM, and you're probably on-track to make a new friend (or reconnect with an old one?). A twinge of concern does persist since Val didn't outright confrim single-ness, yet a certain something has you trusting your instincts. And you're hoping it's not just wishful thinking.
"To be honest, I didn't expect -" No. Delete that. Be confident.
"Would tomorrow be too soon? I can be pretty flexible around lunch." Sure. Best not to overthink it, and propose an actual date/activity. Send.
You stare at your message for about a minute afterwards, vainly hoping to get an immediate reply. Of course, no such luck. And at any rate, your "chill people-watching" plan is shot to pieces now. An uncomfortable thrum in your temples has re-asserted itself, plus you're feeling a tug to get back to the office, mostly to make up for a late start but also to get back to your desk stash of Adbil. The phone slips back into your pocket, the grease-and-sauce-smeared gyro wrapper gets balled up, and you simply drop your trash into a convenient can. You consciously stop yourself from digging your phone out once more, buzzing with nerves over setting something up with Val. Instead you ball up your fist and flex your wrist, taking a calming breath and discharging some angst through a deep stretch. Then at last, you politely step around another food court patron (a skinny Asian lady finished with a yogurt cup), then start off back to the office.

~~~~~

You push past the glass doors of your office buidling, heave your way back up the stairs, and yawn. The returned headache hasn't gotten appreciably worse, but it's still just as unwanted, and is a drag on what little energy you've got for the day. Need coffee. Roll past the cubicle farm and into the little breakroom. There's a pot ready, so you load up a paper cup, blow across the rim, and stare into the liquid darkness, thinking. Or trying to, at least. The change of location has gotten your head back onto your work assignment, and you're musing over pronouncing the name of an apparently important customs official ("Soo-jar-wad-ee"? No surname?).
The sound of nearby footsteps pulls you back to the moment. You look up from the caffienated abyss and spot your coworker Kelly, emerging from the shared fridge with a flat container and a slightly-concerned expression. Though she's about your age, Kelly has a powerful "team mom" aura, an impression only enhanced by her plump busty figure and disarming squirrely smile. "You doing ok, Anon?" she asks.
You return a wry grin. "I'm having a wierd day, and that ironwood contract makes me want to die."
"Awww," she bursts out simultaneously laughing and cooing. "You having a delayed case of the Mondays?"
"Guess so, heh."
Without another word, Kelly holds out her arms, offering a hug as she frequently does. You let her come in, and return the brief embrace with your free arm. It's comforting to be sure, but you don't dwell on the sensation - Kelly is very much taken and this is a professional environment after all. 
She pulls away, apparently satisfied with the change in your expression or bearing.
"Guess I needed that," you admit.
"That's what they all say! Listen, Anon, boss man gave you that project because he knows you can handle it, and I believe in you too!"
"Thanks, K. I gotta get back to it."
Kelly gives you a polite wave and returns to her lunch container (something with rice), and you start back to your cube. A few moments later, you're settling into your chair and trying to find your center amidst the busy buzz of the office.
No such luck.
You barely notice your phone buzz, but in a slick subconscious movement the device slides out of your pocket, twirls between your fingers, and winds up unlocked. It takes you a longer moment to register the notification of the hour: a standard text message but from a number you don't recognize.
"Is this Anon? Hopefully you've still got the same number."
As you're reading the message and contemplating how to reply, a follow-up lands. "lol might help to mention that this is Val Sojka. You DM'd me on Photogram?"
Thoughts of work are instantly gone. "Hey! Yeah, this is Anon. Just a little surprised to be texting normally." You kick yourself the moment after pressing Send, but there's nothing to be done.
Val must be free at the moment because she replies quickly, "idk, chatting through Photogram felt a little weird. Glad I had the right number though!" Well, it looks like she's got about as much spaghetti in her pockets as you do. A relief of sorts, you suppose.

[move the date to a dinner that night]

~~~~~

[[remember that MC has seen Val's pictures before, maybe emphasize how big or imposing she is IRL or how she "looks even better" or something, also something something hangover symptoms melt away uwu]]

Val lives in a rather unorthodox modern-style condo complex with generous covered parking. Double-checking to ensure you're in a visitor or undesignated spot, you shut down the engine and practically skip through the hallway toward Val's unit. Everything is clean and bright in desaturated earth-tones, the condo doors painted in a gradient of calming greys and browns. Val's door is a pale taupe, almost purple-ish. For a moment you consider sending a text to announce your arrival, but decide instead to just go for it. Thrice you smartly rap your knuckles on the door. It feels fairly solid. A moment later the latch clicks and the door swings open.
The first thing you do is tilt your head back slightly, and you're eye-to-eye with Val Sojka for the first time in years. Her eyes are crystal-blue, nestled under prominent cheekbones and framed by a fair heart-shaped face. The fluffy bun topping her head is every bit as blonde as you remember and a touch messy. A calm smile plays on her lips, with an unplaceable energy bubbling beneath the surface. You can feel your pulse thrumming from your chest up into your temples. [[Her presence is simply overwhelming. Even high-resolution pictures couldn't do justice to just how big she is, to say nothing of how pretty.]]
"Heyyy! Glad to see you could make it, Anon! C'mon in!"
Val reaches out, perhaps to touch your shoulder, but stops short, instead beckoning you over the threshold. [[So much for her getting chubby -]] Val's arm is every bit as wiry and sturdy as you remember, maybe even moreso. In spite of yourself and your own preferences, your gaze sticks to her forearm for a long instant, fascinated by the taut interplay of tendons and muscle as she gestures.
Somehow you're across the threshold and the door latches behind you.
"Anon, are you ok?"
You blink and your mind returns to your own body. Val's front door opens into a rather wide tiled space, a dining table to your right and a kitchen area to the left. Covered cookware and scattered packaging tells you that Val was cooking even before the aroma of sauteed garlic hits your nose.
"Wha? Oh yeah, sorry. Guess I'm a little out of it, today's been crazy," you answer a little sheepishly.
"That's alright," Val laughs. "Sounds like you could use some dinner. Chicken alfredo sound good? Oh, wait - gosh I should have asked first!"
"Relax, I'm not a picky eater, especially if somebody else cooked. I'm sure it'll be great," you say politely.
Val grins and leads you over to the table, and you glance long at her figure while she double-checks the table setting. Yep, still just as tall and imposingly-built as you recall. Her outfit is a mix of complement and concealment: knee-length capris that hug her powerful thighs and show off her calves, paired with a loose purple t-shirt draped over doubtlessly shredded abs. A moment later, you sit.
You barely have time to fiddle with the weighty silverware before Val swoops by the table with a steaming pot of pasta and spoons a generous portion into your bowl. She sits across from you and barely fits a double-portion into her own bowl.
"Bon appetit!" She giggles, and digs in without a reply from you.
And with that, you start in too, twisting up a small tangle of fettucine, dripping in creamy sauce. It's good: first thing you notice is the smooth, savory hit of the sauce, counterweighted with a strong but not overpowering note of garlic. Something has you suspecting that she made the sauce from scratch, and the gentle not-quite-crunch of the al dente noodles adds to your enjoyment. Taking another bite, you go for a chunk of chicken. Breast meat, and a good cut, flavored through without drying out at all.
"This is really good, thanks for cooking and for having me over, Val." You don't even have to try to sound appreciative.
Val slurps a stray length of pasta past her lips, licks away a blob of cream, and swallows heavily before replying. "Thanks!" She beams, "I've really gotten into cooking, and I just plain kind of like doing nice things for my friends."
"So we're friends already?" You grin.
"Why wouldn't we be?"
"Got me there."
Another awkward bite or two, and you peek over to see that Val is seriously outpacing you, even counting her larger portion. Somehow you manage to keep a poker face and attempt to restart the conversation. [["So... Uh, I managed to spoil one of the reasons you wanted me to come over, but wasn't there another?" You ask, not certain how to address Val's confessed crush.
Val again has to swallow before speaking. "Honestly the crush was the big one," she giggles, and your heart again soars.]] Contrasting with her imposing physique, Val's voice is on the higher side and very girly. Her giggles immediately set you smiling. "But I have been in touch with who I think was your old ladyfriend cabal?"
Now it's your turn to down a bite of pasta before replying. [["You mentioned Lena and Jen. How about Zoe and Vicky?"]]
"Vicky! I knew it was something with a V," Val snaps her fingers. "Well, lemme start from the beginning. Lena and I ran into each other at the mall a few months back. We wound up next to each other in line for a food stall and got to talking."
Val takes another small bite, "She's doing good. Got a biology degree, works at some sort of lab or a clinic these days? Could never really keep the details straight. We actually do little meal meetups pretty regularly, it's how I met - re-met? - the others."
You let Val continue as she counts off one-by-one on her fingers. "I'm not 100% on what Jen did after high school, but these days she works at her family's cafe. Zoe got some kind of business-related degree down in Novaville, and she does something with quality; still with Matt actually."
In spite of yourself you smirk. Sounds like the two teenage sweethearts are still treating each other right. Val doesn't notice your expression. "Vicky got an engineering degree, I forget where. She's always really busy but she loves her work."
"Geez," you exhale. "Now I feel like an asshole for not staying in touch."
"Hey, this is a way of staying in touch."
"Well how about yourself?" You ask.
Val's demeanor darkens a little bit. She pushes around a clump of pasta for a long moment before answering. "Well, I couldn't get a sports scholarship or an academic scholarship, and... well... the money situation wasn't great for a degree, so I started working pretty quick."
"No sports scholarship?" You blurt out, probably unwisely. "That's ridiculous!"
More pasta nudging before Val's sigh and reply. "I know. But it all worked out."
You feel a little warm under the collar. "Sorry, I didn't mean to-"
Val fixes you with a small smile, "It's alright. Really. It sucks, it's unfair, but that's life. I got started as a personal trainer. Surprisingly lucrative, at least it was for me."
She finally spears a morsel and downs it before continuing, "Saved up some money, did some thinking, and started taking night classes for a finance associate's degree. I'm... doing ok for myself now."
Something tells you that Val is not a good keeper of secrets, but you don't pry. "What matters is that things worked out, right?"
"Yeah, haha. Got a nice place, made some new old friends, and now..." Val's eyes seem to glint in the evening light, [["I've got my old teenage crush trapped in my lair."]] Her smile is toothy but lacks any real menace.
"Val, are you asking me out?" You laugh.
"I think we skipped that step," she retorts. "You are actually single though, right?"
"Yeah," you reply a tad hesitantly. "Honestly all of this just... seems too easy? Too good to be true?"
"Sometimes nice things happen for no particular reason. You got lucky, the stars aligned from your perspective. Why overthink it?" Val breezily props her chin against her knuckles.
[[Could find a place to work in that Val was about to make the first move]]
You need a moment to think about the conversation's turn, ironically enough.
"Speaking of thinking," Val interrupts your nascent internal monologue, "I think I could use some chocolate. You ready for dessert?"
"Sure," you answer, immediately moving to scarf down the last remnants in your bowl. Truthfully the rich pasta was more than satisfying, but you're presently very concerned with ingratiating yourself to Val.
She rises to her feet and strides across the dining area. You make sure to steal a glance at her toned backside as she walks, especially when she bends down and reaches into the fridge. Does she know you're staring?
The next moment you've snapped your gaze innocently forward again, and Val glides back to the table, depositing a neatly-arranged plate of brownies and two fresh glasses of milk. 
"Made 'em today!" Val says brightly before scooping up one of the chocolatey bricks and taking a huge bite. 
Weighed down by all the carbs and butter, your stomach gurgles uncomfortably at the sight. Still, you want to be a good guest, so you tear one of the brownies in half and sink your teeth in. It's admittedly fantastic - the cold temperature is refreshing and adds a nice feel of resistance to the fudgy matrix. The unmistakable smooth complexity of dark cacao sinks deeply into your gums and tongue as you chew - Val must have also sprung for primo ingredients here.
You're nibbling at the half-brownie, easing the treat into your belly, when you spot movement. Val's going for seconds. Or rather, seconds and thirds, alternating bites from fresh brownies in either hand.
Val catches your eye, and you must've made some sort of face, because she shoots you an impish chocolate-flecked smile. "What?" She chortles, "I'm a girl. This is chocolate. Do the math!"
Closing your eyes and putting on what you hope is a sage expression, you reply, "It's rude to comment on others' eating habits."
Val smirks back at you, then pops the last hunk of one brownie into her mouth and says around it, "Well what if I'd like you to comment on what I just ate?"
This throws you, but only for a moment. Was Val always this much of a trip? Evenly you reply, "Well, you're bigger than me and you look like you're still working out. It makes sense you'd have an appetite, though admittedly this isn't exactly performance food."
Val sucks some chocolate from her thumb then extracts the digit with a soft pop. Reaching for a fourth (!?) brownie, she replies, "That's because it obviously isn't!"
"Val, I'm confused. Where are you going with this?"
She gulps down a mouthful of chocolate and looses a quiet moan before bluntly addressing you, "Anon, I've been eating like this for the past three months."
Pieces, threads, bits of evidence, appear in your head and start floating around like some mental conspiracy board, but nothing's quite lining up. You think for a long moment. Even if Val had a ridiculous metabolism - not implausible, it'd match her powerful physique - three months of meals like this would surely stick something to her.
"You're pulling my leg."
[[I kinda feel like this conversation should be more spaced out, or at least directly dropping the word "feeder" should have more buildup]]
"I promise you I'm not. And again," Val's face takes on a curious expression, "I'm directly asking you to comment on that fact." She then pauses her chocolate binge and poses gently, making sure to flex her arms and chest. With a half-eaten brownie in either hand, the net effect is incongruous and amusing.
"You're sure?"
"Yes!" with noticeable annoyance.
"Wow. Well," you start. "Three months of a heavy surplus and no fat gain seems... strange. Though you probably know way more about bodybuilding and macros and stuff than me."
"Anon," Val fixes you with a serious look. "This is also hard to believe, but I never paid attention to that stuff either. I just ate whatever, worked out, and got stronger. I have never done a proper bulk-and-cut cycle."
"Honestly? That sounds like the exact opposite of a problem."
"It's the entire problem!" Val almost yells but pulls herself back. "Anon, I... Haven't told many people this but - I like being strong, but I... I actually really, really want to be curvy."
"You want to get fatter?" Even to you, in this more enlightened place and time, the words feel surreal coming off of your lips.
"Fat? Heh," There's the merest glint of mania in Val's blue eyes. "I want to be huge."
She just laughs at your wordless staring reply.
"And that is the other actual reason I wanted to talk and catch up," Val explains. "I wanted to see if your old feeder magic still worked."
Ah shit, not that stupid rumor again.
"Val..." you groan, tiredly pinching the bridge of your nose. "This would be a lot for any day, and today was so fucking wild already..."
"I'm sorry... Should I drop it?"
"No," you groan again. "Just gimme a second to think."
You probably take over a minute before speaking again. "Ok, one thing at a time. Val, how long have you wanted to get fatter?"
Val dabs her mouth with a napkin. Aside from the specimen you tore in half, the brownies are all gone. She stifles a small burp, then puts on a pensive face and replies, "Honestly, probably for about as long as I can remember. I can't point to any specific experience or memory off the top of my head."
[[This needs some more breathing room maybe?]]
"Interesting. Now, on to this feeder business," Your tone hardens a bit. "I will not deny that I like bigger girls. That said, I did not feed or encourage any of the girls in my orbit to gain weight. Not Lena, not Zoe, not Vicky."
A pause, then with an authoritative upturned index finger, "Well, I'll admit a sorta for Jen, but only because she was clearly underweight and trying to change that for a long time."
Val looks at you with an unreadable expression. Confusion coupled with interest? "Why the rumor then?"
"Damned if I know. Teenagers are awful. Maybe because I picked up the tab for sides or extra helpings once in a while? Maybe because I stuck up for my friends when dipshit jocks tried to bully them?"
Val seems to flinch at the "dipshit jocks" comment, then takes a long moment to digest this revelation. One of her hands is under the table, probably rubbing her belly. In spite of the moment and yourself you can't help but wonder how that washboard stomach looks when filled with a huge meal. "So you're not actually a feeder, huh?" The disappointment in her voice is impossible to miss.
You nearly choke on your sip of milk. After recovering, you admit, "I could be? Er, I am? I... suppose I idenfity as one? On paper? Internally. But it's not something I've ever intentionally done. It... just feels like something intimate. Like something you should only do within a couple."
Val grins at you, "So what if we became a couple?" As she speaks, she reaches out and gently grips your hand. Sure enough, she's got some slight weight-lifter calluses, but her touch radiates nothing but tenderness, femininity, and desire.
Never mind your heart skipping a beat, your whole body seems to miss a few entire moments from sheer excitement.
"I'd like that," comes out of your smiling mouth with no conscious action, and your heart soars.
[[everybody's really garlickey at the moment - acknowledge in next chapter]]
