"So it's just that simple? We're boyfriend and girlfriend now?" You ask, still not quite believing that this moment is actually happening, and that it was practically dropped into your lap.
Val gazes back at you and gives your hand a little squeeze. "If you want to call it that. I'd certainly like to, but if you want to take it slow..."
You flip your hand over and wrap your fingers around Val's firm palm. "Nah. I'm ok with keeping things brisk. Anon and Val, boyfriend and girlfriend..."
Val seems to glow with happiness, and enwraps your hand as well. Next, she gently tugs on your wrist, beckoning you closer and leaning forward across the table. It's a very easy hint to take.
Reaching across the table with your free hand, you gently touch Val's cheek and run a finger along the bone under her eye. Her skin is soft and smooth, and seems to be actively warming in the wake of your touch. Val closes her eyes and gently leans into your caressing finger. Escalating, you slide your finger down past her mouth and under her chin, ever-so-slightly hooking her jaw. Val keeps her eyes closed, but lets a smile curl her lips before parting them expectantly.
Shifting in your seat, you lean forward, then hesitate for the merest moment, still not quite believing the day's turn. And before you can think any further, you purse your lips and join them with Val's. From the first instant of contact you're floating, your world shrinking to this singular point. Her lips are soft and slightly sticky, still sweetened by the chocolate remnants. She moans into your mouth as you gently nibble and suck, still afraid of overplaying your hand and somehow ruining the moment. In the next beat, you sense more than feel a certain tension uncoiling within Val's being as one of her hands wraps around the back of your head and firmly knots into your hair. You barely have time to gasp at her thrilling and aggressive move before she's pressed voraciously against you, sucking hungrily at your lips and her slick sweet tongue periodically invading your mouth.
When you finally re-open your eyes, you're staring into the face of a radiant goddess. Val's skin is flushed and all but luminescent, her backlit hair glowing angelically, and her eyes are burning into you like sapphire flames. 
"Hey."
Val's whisper seems to land on your ears without her mouth moving. Her hand on the back of your head has long since relaxed its grip on your hair, and is presently delivering gentle fingernail-forward scratches to your scalp. In spite of yourself, your eyes roll back for a moment at the delightfully tingly sensation.
"Well, you got me," you laugh softly. "Was it as easy as you expected?"
"Easier," she whispers with an audible smile.
You reach back and wrap your fingers around her wrist, taking in every tactile detail of her skin and contrasting against the wiry sinews beneath.
Val explains, "I know this all seems really sudden, and maybe it is. But I figure - why mess around? Why not just go for it?" Her nails are still sending tingly waves through your scalp and right into your brain.
"Gotta admit," you sigh. "It feels kind of nice to be the pursued one for a change."
Val giggles slowly, then purrs, "Wanna head to the couch?"
"I think that sounds lovely."
Val gestures at a doorway and into a dimly-lit area beyond. "The sitting area is through there - you can't miss it. I'll be there in a sec, I want to do something here real quick."
With an "ok", Val has released her gentle hold and you're on your feet heading through the doorway. Then, you get an unobstructed look at the sitting area. It's actually a little sparse: a TV atop a glass-and-metal stand plus a small gaming console on a lower shelf, a coffee table in a similar modern style, an admittedly nice-looking grey cloth couch, and a thick wooden end table (maybe a family bequeathment or thrifted). As you sit and attempt to get comfy, you also notice a lightweight computer desk next to a flight of stairs off to the side.
You've barely had time to situate yourself on the spacious couch when Val emerges from the kitchen doorway, holding a spoon and a carton of ice cream (Ken and Barry's, judging by the distinctive color scheme). Upon approaching the couch, she laughs - you must've made a face.
"I'm not done with my dessert!" She chortles.
"Should I even bother asking how you're still hungry?" You laugh back.
"Oh, I'm not! But the meal's not done until I'm ready to burst!"
She doesn't wait for a response, flopping down next to you on the couch and peeling off the carton's lid - some sort of chunky caramel swirl in there. Val takes a moment to hide a small fresh burp behind her hand, then licks the underside of the lid clean. After setting the lid aside, her hand goes to her midriff, sliding under her loose t-shirt and gently rubbing her gut. Val lets out a sigh and a soft groan, then turns to you and asks, "Would you mind if I undid my button? I love these pants, but the waistband is -hrk- a little too tight right now..."
There's such a rush of blood to your cock that you can only pray that Val doesn't literally hear it. "Uh, yeah, do whatever you need to."
Val's free hand slides downwards and opens the button on her capris in what you assume to be a deft, fluid motion - you still can't see what's going on under that accursed shirt. She sighs again, this time deeper and with obvious relief. She then extricates her hand and fishes out the TV remote from somwhere to her side, powering on the screen. "Any preferences for a show?"
"I'm good with whatever. And besides," you muster all the confidence and charm you can manage, "Somehow I don't think we'll be watching the screen that closely."
Val has to swallow a bite of caramel swirl before replying. "Ooh, such confidence. Well, casanova, I'm going to put on a nature documentary, and we'll see where things go from there."
"It's your house," you grin.
With that, Val does indeed call up a nature documentary - a collection of vignettes following different predators and currently focused on a pride of lions. Val's definitely rooting for the hunters, cheering around a mouthful of caramel cream as a group of lionesses drag down an unlucky antelope. In spite of the tangible sexual tension, you get caught up in the televised moment too, attentively watching the savagery.
As the lionesses finish off their doomed prey, your attempt to recalculate the "right" next move is interrupted by Val thinking aloud. "I've always kinda wanted a cat," she says.
"Yeah?" you reply, feeling a little lame.
Val hurriedly gulps down another bite of her second dessert before replying, "Yeah. I like their independent temprament, but I also like that I can spoil the crap out of them if they warm up to me."
In answer to your curious expression, she continues, "This complex has a no-pets policy. Shame, honestly. I really like this place, but it's just a little too quiet with just me."
You're about to try a slick quip of "I could fix that", but Val still barges on, "Ah well, I'll deal with that later. If ever. Never planned too far ahead, and things have worked out ok so far."
Thrown off-balance by Val's pre-emptive interruption and her unexpected motor-mouth overall, you don't have a follow-up comment ready. She throws you even further off by holding a loaded spoonful of her ice cream in front of your face. "This is real good, you should have some," she tempts.
Chuckling internally, you just open your mouth, figuring that you probably wouldn't get a word in anyways. Val gently guides the spoon past your lips then flips and drags the bowl against your tongue. Yep, the ice cream is pretty darn good - high on sweetness without being cloying, the caramel shot through with a complimentary note of salt which transitions seamlessly to peanut fragments and some chocolate chunks. "Yeah, that is real good," you agree, then a moment later realize you had closed your eyes while savoring the treat. 
Eyelids re-opened, you see Val's got the spoon in front of you again, but this time she's holding it backwards, offering you the handle. The implication is pretty clear.
She fixes you with an almost-bashful expression and says, "I know this is sudden, and you don't have to if you don't want to. But -" Val inhales, her muscley body seeming to coil with anticipation, "- would you like to try feeding me the rest?"
Despite your earlier half-assed protest, Val's request singes your ears and sends a thrilling pulse through your core and rippling even lower. Presented so bluntly with the opportunity to intimately hand-feed a girl, you quickly realize you were lying to yourself with your earlier ambivalence. You want this. You've always wanted this. Everything about Val's bearing is pleading for you to do this; her wide eyes, her nibbled lip, the open zipper on her capris. Val obviously loves food (or is putting on a masterclass show), and the prospect of offering her even more sugary caloric pleasure profoundly resonates with you.
"Alright" comes out of your mouth, smoother than you'd expected. You take the spoon and the half-empty tub of ice cream and scoot closer. She settles back against the couch cushions and finally lifts up her shirt, groaning sensually as she caresses her taut, rounded gut. You simply have to stare for a long moment as Val soothes her ache. For all the world she looks pregnant, only hints of her ab muscles stretched atop the distended bulge of her stomach. Her hands barely sink in as she massages herself, flesh tight and springy.
"I ate sooo muuuch," she whines huskily, turning her head towards you, tongue restless on her teeth.
Fuck it. Let's get kinky for real.
Meeting her hungering gaze and mustering what you hope is the right energy, you grin back and whisper, "But you're not done yet, though, are you?"
"No," Val breathes. "Please... Please help me eat just a little bit more..."
"You keep stuffing yourself like this, you're gonna get fat," you chance some teasing, waggling the spoon half-scoldingly.
Val squirms and sucks a breath through her teeth, a fresh tinge of pink appearing on her cheeks. "You promise?"
With all your heart (and all your loins) you burn to say "yes". Val's self-assured hedonism is plainly obvious, but - that quirk. That damn metabolic quirk. How could you possibly overcome that anomaly when she's been trying and failing for months?
"As much as I can," you answer, the carton steadily chilling your fingers. "I can promise I'll help you figure out that metabolsim thing. But that's a problem for later, and you want this ice cream right now, don't you?"
Maybe not the most romantic, but Val seems satisfied with that. She grins, "Why are we still chatting? You said you'd feed me!"
"Alright, open up then," You shoot back, digging into the softened dessert and scooping out a heaping glob. The vibe re-established, Val closes her eyes, rests her head on the back cushion, and holds her mouth open lasciviously.
Your cock is ready to tear through your pants, and you're not about to back down from the most obvious invitation you've ever seen. You heft out an oversized spoonful and bring it to Val's waiting mouth, depositing the cold lump a touch more clumsily than you intended. Val chuckles cautiously as she takes in the mouthful of ice cream, eyes still closed, and hums with pleasure as she takes it down with an audible gulp. She licks ineffectually at her lips, missing smears of sweet cream.
Reaching with a finger, you try to brush away some of the mess, but Val gently says, "Don't worry about it. Just leave it. I don't mind being a bit of a piggy sometimes."
Another spoonful on the way, and as you bring it to Val, "So you don't mind if-" only part of this spoonful makes it past her lips. A sticky caramel-rich glob pointedly winds up on her chin, slowly melting into a vicsous rivulet and drawing out a slow purring chuckle.
Val's tongue briefly stabs at the glob, repeatedly coming up short, then retreats behind her teeth for good. Eyes still closed she whispers, "If you're going to be wasting food, you better help clean up."
Hovering the carton over Val's chest, you quip, "So if I badly missed your mouth...?"
Val peeks at your antics and grins, but a touch harder. "Maybe not on a first date. But I like the way you think..." She groans then takes a manifestly uncomfortable deep breath. "Please tell me there isn't much left."
A quick glance into the carton. "About a quarter?"
Val immediately groans. A moment later, her hands gently squeeze circles into her bloated tummy and she lets out a tight, uncomfortable-sounding burp. "I can finish this," she hisses. "Especially with your help. Keep it coming, Anon!"
"As you wish, Princess," actually earns you a smile. Another spoonful and Val seems to be slipping back into a haze. She's clearly euphoric despite barely being able to move, her groans and hums growing steadily lustier with each bite. It isn't long before you pull together the last bits of solid-ish sweet mass and deliver them to your new girlfriend.
"Alright, Val," you declare. "This last bit's gonna be an improvised milkshake. You ready?"
In reply, a groan which swiftly morphs into an excited moan. "Please..."
It actually isn't much left, maybe a mouthful, but Val's really packed it away and is clearly feeling every ounce of her feast. You bring up the carton, briefly teasing her lips with the rim before tilting it up and sliding the last creamy dollops into her greedy mouth. Feeling a dash of pervy inspiration once you'd drained the carton, you pull it away and pointedly dribble the very last bits onto Val's chin, neck, chest, and even manage to get a couple sweet drops onto her bulging middle. Val offers no resistance aside from minimal squirms and giggles as each drop lands.
"Looks like I made a little mess," you chuckle with fake innocence.
"Then you... know... what to do..." Val replies with a touch of difficulty.
You set aside the empty carton and spoon, and lean in towards Val's helplessly overstuffed form. Starting around her mouth, every spot of spilled or "spilled" ice cream recieves a long kiss and a gentle cleanup from your tongue. Val sighs indulgently as you work your way down, her skin warm, soft, and sweet even before considering the errant cream. When you finally reach Val's gravid belly and kiss it clean, she reaches down and gently holds your head in place. Her skin taut against your face and her innards churning away busily, Val whispers, "Feels good to know... that you did this to me, doesn't it?"
The throbbing in your cock crushes whatever uncertainty you might have mustered. You deeply enjoyed this evening, no question about it. A kiss on her swollen tummy before replying, "I hardly did anything though. You did the lion's share of the eating tonight."
Val's fingers again do that delightful scritching thing on your scalp. "Maybe. But you did the last bit... Got me full to the brim... And that's what counts..."
You can only muster a gentle chuckle and smile against her tight skin. "You're weird."
"Takes one to know one." A few long moments of scalp scratches on one sdie of your head, and a warm full tummy against the other. 
"Still want to be weird with me?" Val asks with a small chuckle.
"Fuck yeah I do," you reply in a heartbeat, and gently pat your ersatz pillow.
Val giggles slowly and teases, "Feeder."
Right on cue you retort, "Piggy."
The two of you share a quiet laugh, then Val looses a groan of genuine discomfort. "I need to shift a bit. And that can't be comfy for you either."
"No," you admit, and haul yourself to a sitting position while Val adjusts her posture as well. 
Even after re-adjusting Val seems ready to fall asleep, hands working her full tummy seemingly on their own. The sun has long since disappeared by now and the room is bathed in blue: the nature documentary has progressed to a segment on sharks. You distractedly watch the scenes of reef life and death for a few minutes, but can't refrain from commenting on the night.
"Hell of a first date," you unwisely smarm, glancing over.
Instead of some annoyance or retaliatory snark, Val languidly reaches across the couch and clumsily grabs at your hand. "Yeah, it was."
Matching the tight grip on your hand, you can't help but offer some vulnerability. "I still can't believe it was that easy. Hell, you reached out to *me*!" That gets you an encouraging sqeeze, but you continue, "I keep waiting for the other shoe to drop. The reveal that this is some elaborate prank..."
Val's eyes glitter in the dim light. "Anon..."
"Val, I'm terrible with girls," falls out of your mouth. "There's no way I'm living up to whatever you imagined me as back as a teenager."
An odd smile, and those sparkly eyes go wide. "No," Val whispers. "You're better."
You try to say something, but Val gently shushes you, effortfully reaching over with her other hand. "I'm... impulsive. Clearly." She says uncertainly. "Everything in me was screaming to take it easy tonight, yet here we are." She pats her bulging stomach for emphasis, and despite the angst the two of you chuckle. "Anon, do you think we're moving too fast?"
The blunt question catches you a little off-guard. A moment for genuine consideration, and you answer, "Ok, maybe a little? We didn't do much talking tonight, heh." Val's face falls a bit, and you scramble to add, "But we'll have plenty of time for talking in the future!"
"Future, huh?" Val grins warmly. "So how much cooldown time will you need before our next date?"
"Ask me in the morning? Let's just enjoy tonight?"
"Sure." Another hand-squeeze and another grin. God, Val is so pretty but that's not why your heart is melting. Maybe it is the romance of the long-unrequited crushes getting together. Maybe it's because she's clearly kinky as hell and advances your boundaries? Maybe it's all of the above and a certain something more. You already know you'll be seeing her again ASAP, and Val knows it too. Niether of you needs to say it, though.
As the TV gushes about the magnifience of the great white shark, you snuggle up next to Val. She offers no resistance, though that may be more due to her looming food coma. A gentle smile and a slight lean against you conveys her unambiguous approval. The two of you lounge on the couch for a while, Val half-asleep with hands on her belly, you with an arm around her shoulders and a finger caressing her sinews.
The show on sharks wraps up, and as the screen goes to commercials, Val yawns and sinks into the cushions. "Mmmmm, I think it's bedtime," she murmurs.
"Kicking me out?" you reply with a smirk.
She looks at you with a lazy smile. "You don't have to leave if you really don't want to, but I'm not going to be much fun." A pat to her turgid belly, then, "I don't always get a food coma, but I'm really feeling it tonight."
You place a hand atop Val's atop her tummy, enjoying the effects of her gorge yet unable to completely banish a thread of uncertainty. Did you genuinely enjoy feeding Val that dessert, or was it just her taking the lead and savoring your attention? She certainly enjoyed the experience at least. But it's probably smart to get to know the woman behind the appetite.
"I changed my mind. Would tomorrow be too soon to meet again?" You ask.
Val yawns again before replying, "I don't think so? Got a fun idea?"
"Maybe not exactly the most creative, but I was thinking just a quote normal date? My job's fairly flexible with hours so we could do a relaxed lunch?"
Val takes a long moment to think. Unable to parse her delay you hastily add, "I had a great time tonight, and I'd really like to get to know you better."
"You'd already convinced me, I was going to say yes," she giggles. "Got some place special in mind?"
"This might sound kinda lame, but there's some cute cafes near where I work. We could meet at one of those? I can send you a specific tomorrow."
A tired but happy grin, "That sounds good to me!" Then after a beat, "Oh and by the way, don't worry about covering for me. I'll pay my own way."
You reply with a raised eyebrow, then she clarifies, "Anon, I'm going to routinely eat way more than you. It wouldn't be fair."
"Sure," you laugh. "But consider the offer open nonwithsdanding if you decide you need some chivalry."
Val continues smiling but it takes on an odd edge, "This is the twenty-first century. Knights and noblemen and shit belong in the history books."
"But I can still call you princess?"
"Not just can, but should. See, I knew you'd catch on!"
A kiss to her forehead, "Sure thing, princess." As Val giggles, you get a glance at your watch - it is indeed getting a little late.
"Alright, I should probably be going," you say with some reluctant energy. "You're about to pass out, and I've got work tomorrow."
"And a date with me, don't forget!" Val giggles.
"Oh don't worry about that." As you haul yourself to your feet, Val does the same with some huffs and groans.
She stifles another small burp and straightens up, giving her bulging belly one more rub and a couple satisfied pats. "Lemme walk you to the door."
You take Val's hand and traverse the handful of steps to her condo door. Before you can prep some final words, she reaches over, grabs your free hand and pulls it behind her. You take the hint and wrap your new paramour into a hug, tilting your head back for the inevitable parting kiss. 
Val pulls you tight, holding you for a few seconds, perhaps deliberately letting you feel the affirming thrums of her life - heart beating against your chest, her belly churning and bubbling away, her sturdy chest rising and falling, breasts feeling larger than you expected and a soft warm contrast to her muscular form. She stares into your eyes for the last moment of the night, happiness and desire refracting from them, then she leans down for you once more. She goes slow, soft breath ghosting into your mouth and making sure you really feel the warmth and flavor accrued on her lips. You nearly float off of your feet once again, tightening your grip around Val, savoring every heartbeat and delicately nibbling up at her. She tastes so good, and it's not just from the dessert, almost as though her very essence could be exactly what you've been missing.
The tender moment is interrupted by an audacious intrusion of flesh - Val unexpectedly slid her tongue into your mouth, damn near down your throat. You gasp, more out of shock than discomfrot, but in the next moment Val retreats, pressing her tongue against the roof of your mouth as she slithers it back out. A final flick of your lip with the slick appendage, and Val stares you down with a lupine grin. She gently gyrates a hip against you, immediately honing in on your throbbing cock.
"Gotta make sure you come back for more," she purrs.
"You're absolutely certain you don't want me to stay?" You insist, and slide a hand down her firm, sleek back and grip a handful of meaty ass. Val's butt is all muscle, yet perfectly enjoyable to squish and grope. Until she tenses her glutes with a giggle and you're pawing at warm stone.
"Yes, Anon, I'm certain. I need to sleep off all this dessert," a deep yawn that reverberates into your chest. "Fuck, I really carbo-loaded tonight. Mm, I'm already crashing, despite your best efforts."
"Alright," you concede, and stretch upwards to give Val one last peck on the lips. She squeezes your butt real quick before finally releasing you, grinning. 
"I'll text you when I get home," you add.
"I can basically promise I won't see it until the morning."
"Still gonna do it."
And with that, Val practically shoos you out the door and you're heading back towards your car.

~~~~~

The drive home isn't nearly as exciting as the drive out, despite the clear road and clear night sky. Nothing on the radio seems to fit your mood, nor any of your streamed playlists, so you make the drive accompanied only by the hum of your tires and the watchful waxing moon. It's easy enough to autopilot your way back home, and soon enough your mind is wandering. All thoughts about Val, of course. Brief recollections on whatever (little) you know about metabolic issues swiftly give way to outright fantasies. Scenes of Val scarfing down whole tables of food, imagining her eyes lighting up with every new plate, maybe even the occasional cartoonish bite out of the plates or silverware. 
What you wind up fixating on the most is speculating on her plus-sized shape when (not if) the two of you manage to figure out her quirk. There's so little present softness on her aside from her breasts, it's hard to honestly guess. Maybe that's a good augur, and she'd turn out to be top-heavy, growing a massive pair of heaving, jiggly melons. She's probably already primed to manage potential back pain, too. Maybe it'd go the other way, new poundage settling mainly onto her hips, thighs, and ass. Val's already pretty shapely from the waist down, and the prospect of her getting softer and wider is also pretty darn alluring. Then again, she really seems to like her tummy, perhaps she'd be pleased with a big doughy gut?
Your thoughts are starting to turn fantastical again by the time you reach your street and start approaching your own apartment complex. Seting aside a half-formed scene (imagining Val as a chubby and expanding devil-girl), you ease your car into a parking spot and kill the engine. A deep breath and a couple of calm moments to get your libido somewhat under control, then it's back to your apartment, cozy yet oddly forlorn tonight. The promised "got home safe" text to your new girlfriend, then a quick shower with a happy ending to drain away the day's twists and tensions. Towelled off, old alarm clock pressed back into service, and cell phone back on the charger with a long and distrustful glare. Still no acknowledgement from Val; she probably is indeed deep in a happy food coma. Exhaustion finally seeping in, you curl into the blankets and try to recover your fantasies about Val all chubbed up, but sleep takes you in no time.

~~~~~

An unfamilliar buzzing yanks you back to awareness. After a flash of confusion, you recognize the sound as belonging to your old-style alarm clock and paw at the device to silence it. Not a minute later your phone goes off, this time its normal all-to-chipper chimes and not electronic madness. Sighing and growling, you blindly fidget with the screen but do haul yourself to a sitting position. Birds are chirping outside your window, but this new morning greets you with dim, gray light. A cloudy day. Good weather for sleeping, but alas you have responsibilities. Val's finally returned your text from last night and added an emoji-festooned "good morning" message, which immediately puts a huge smile on your face. You send back a slightly flirty "good morning" of your own, then it's into yet another morning prep routine. It's almost a surprise when nothing out of the ordinary happens during breakfast and your commute - maybe the wacky bullshit is slated for later.
You practically skip into work. Nobody seems to notice your lightened mood, and that actually annoys you just a bit. But soon enough you're settling in at your desk, once more ready to chip away at the nightmarish tangle of international timber-trade regulations. Maybe it's your unusually energetic mood, but the company intranet seems to be running a touch slow. The corporate reference servers always had a tendency to get a little shaky, especially if the weather was even slightly imperfect, but somehow you want to suspect that today's lag and hiccups are just a bit excessive. Regardless, your patience pays off: it takes a little while to sift through a repository of "veteran notes" on Southeast Asian business practices and helpful contacts, but you soon come away with a near-comprehensive checklist for your nascent ironwood deal.
Reaching a stopping point, you glance at the workstation's clock and you realize you've been in a work trance for nearly three hours. With a groan, you pointedly blink your eyes a few times and gently massage out some strain, then straighten out your back and flex your shoulders. The chorus of synovial pops and cracks scold you for your bad posture, and you get to your feet for a little walk and a well-earned break. But not before mashing the "save" hotkeys on your work about five times. Bathroom pitstop, then a visit to the water cooler and drink station to restart the cycle.
As you're occupied topping up your second cup, you hear somebody approach. Before you have the chance to look up, the newcomer talks at you, "Ey, Anon! Wassup, man, been a minute since I last saw you!" From the distinct dashes of arrogance and accent you immediately identify the speaker.
"Hey Carlos! Just resetting my brain after a power work sesh."
With a lean angular face, slicked-back hair, and a slightly-too-wide smirk, Carlos invariably puts out an unmistakably douchey aura. It doesn't help that he deliberately leans into that vibe, but the hell of it is he's actually one of the nicest people you've ever met. The two of you wound up going to the same college, though not the same programs, and stayed in touch once you'd wrapped up the studies and partying. He even referred you for your current job.
"Hell yeah, productivity. Uh, Bossman had you working on something with timber?" Your friend and colleague asks.
"Yeah, some ironwood from Indonesia. I think the buyer wants do do like some real custom furniture?"
Carlos snickers.
"I swear, if you're prepping a 'woody' joke..." you warn.
"Nah, that's too cheap even for me," he retorts. "No, what I was chuckling at was all the moving pieces for something like that. No wonder you needed a power sesh."
A sip of water, then you say, "It *was* productive though. I found this area on the company L drive with a bunch of notes and tips on navigating that market, almost like a ready-made guidebook."
Carlos' smug facade cracks a bit, "Whoa. I've never seen anything like that. Sounds like quite the find. Could you pass me the link?"
