"So you're calling yourself a dyed-in-the-wool fat admirer and you've never heard of Honey Cruz?"
Val's eyes are wide and she's practically quivering from containing her laugheter. Though the Bent Palm Cafe apparently isn't much for a late lunch crowd, you're a touch worried about how far her snickering outburst might have traveled. Still, you stand your ground.
"Sure, guess I'm a fake FA for not knowing every single plus-sized model on the internet, especially since fat became fashionable!" Hopefully your sarcasm lands as playful rather than biting.
Val narrows her eyes across the rim of her soda, but you see a smile creeping around the edges of the glass. She sets down her drink, pulls out her phone and starts tapping at it. In contrast with her extravagantly girly texting style, her phone case is comparatively subdued, an unadorned candy-tone magenta shell.
"I seriously can't tell if you're fucking with me," Val smirks and furiously pokes and swipes at the device, presumably looking for something. "One, Honey is famously super-sized, not plus-sized. Two, she's probably the most famous fat porn acrtress in the business."
You're mulling some sort of retort when Val flips her phone around and holds the device towards you. "So you've seriously never seen this big lady before?" Val smirks and points a demanding finger at a figure on the screen. You behold a tall and massively curvaceous woman in a short clingy crimson dress, apparently photographed at an adult film convention going off of the background. Her face is chubby and apple-cheeked with a tawny complexion and a surprisingly subtle second chin, smooth save for some slight smile lines. Even in the tiny photo, her eyes flash a mischevious warm brown - perhaps you were primed by hearing her stage name, but the comparison to honey seems spot-on. Bouncy black hair with a few thin silver streaks falls past squishy shoulders and somehow pulls your eye towards monumental cleavage between head-sized breasts, obviously but pleasingly enhanced by a powerful push-up bra. A thick beige belt is snugged over Honey's pillowy belly, which visibly hangs low enough to cover her sex. She has a pudgy hand propped on one of her doughy, doubtless door-filling hips, showing off a full sleeve of intricate tattoos. You briefly register that her upper arm is probably thicker than your thighs, then move on to regard the model's thighs, half-revealed by her skimpy dress. They're simply massive, barrel-like, squishing into each other down to her knees and gently rolling with dimply cellulite. Her calves continue tapering smoothly downwards, ending with plump feet strapped into a sturdy pair of wedge heels.
"Wait, wait..." You stall, partly thinking but also partly drinking in Honey's overabundant assets. "Yeah, no, I do recognize this lady. Blanked on the name somehow."
Val withdraws her phone and slips it back into her purse. "No idea how you could," she snickers.
A sip of iced tea, then you retort, "Again, I don't know what to tell you. Guess I just plain never bothered to keep track of every quote, top model out there." At that, a certain awkward silence descends. Val takes a large, barely-polite bite out of her huge ham sandwich, and you gnaw off a piece of your own BLT. A swallow, then, "Actually. I hope I'm not prying, but how come you're so invested in that space? Are you a fashionista, orrr...?"
"Oh, that's easy," Val replies immediately. "I think Honey is one of the most gorgeous women alive, and I hope I wind up with a figure like hers when I finally manage to fatten up."
So much for a "normal" date conversation. Maybe it could be steered back to mundane topics... later. This revelation is worth digging into. Delicately.
"So... you really weren't just trying to wind me up last night?"
Val's face drops a bit. Her tone is hard to interpret. "No? Why would I tell you stuff like that if I didn't mean it?"
Shit. A misstep.
"Sorry. I'm just -" you take a quick breath, "It's still just a little disorienting at how fast and easy this has been." You make some sort of gesture that encompasses you and Val, clearly referring to your budding relationship.
"Hey. I might be starting to sound like a broken record but, why mess around?" Val's face brightens back up a bit. God, her smile... "If it helps any, I wouldn't have been so forward if I didn't sense a spark."
You shoot a grin back at Val and she continues, "I don't just mean kink stuff. You, or at least teenage you, had character endorsement from some mutual friends. The way I see it, we're not exactly starting from zero."
"I suppose that's true," you punt, then take a bite of your sandwich to stall for time. The bacon in this bite is particularly cruchy and flavorful. Surprisingly, Val doesn't break the silence, actually letting you compose your next thought or two.
[[Adjust references here. Val didn't text MC first, also the malfunction was TWO days prior for MC. Val's phone could have acted up the day prior to this though. Also need to re-work some of the energy/verbiage about the "stuck in a rut" stuff and Val's reactions]]
After a couple of moments, you swallow then muse, "You know... The very morning you texted me, I was starting to get a little angsty about adulting and getting stuck in a rut."
"Yeah?" Val cocks her head, then pops the last morsel of her own sandwich into her mouth.
"Yeah. I'm still in a bit of shock about yesterday morning. My phone went through this spectacular and frankly terrifying malfunction." Val starts off ready to roll her eyes, but rapidly shifts towards attentiveness.
She quickly forces down her hunk of ham and bread, chases it with a swig of soda, then cuts in, "What kind of malfucnction? My phone did some weird shit yesterday too, actually..."
You recount your rude awakening from yesterday morning, making sure to recite the exact words that appeared on your phone screen before it rebooted normally.
"Wow. Creepy. Well, mine wasn't that intense, but it was still kind of unsettling. I got a barrage of jumbled text messages; maybe there was some kind of message encoded in the noise? But I couldn't tell." Val divulges, then re-extracts her purple-clad device before tapping around on it and again showing you the screen. Sure enough, this time it's a text conversation: the sender number is some string of letters and digits, not even showing a phone number. The messages themselves are less than nonsensical, just a mishmash of aphaneumeric characters. And there's a lot of it. Val backscrolls for a couple seconds flat, with no end to the "conversation" in sight.
[[]]
"Geez. But nothing since then? Your phone's been normal?" You ask.
"No. Er, yes - Uh... (ahem) I mean nothing werid since that."
"Well..." you start, "None of my work friends have mentioned anything, and I haven't seen anything on the news. Once, accident? Twice, coincidence?"
Val crinkles her face a bit but doesn't answer. You continue, "And to think that this happens just as I thought my life was going to be boring and predictable... Man, decades where weeks happen, or weeks where decades happen, am I right?"
You chuckle a bit, but Val doesn't share in your levity. "Hey, you know those are old Soviet sayings, right?"
"Huh? Come to mention it, I ...guess I knew that?" 
There's a long, too-quiet silent moment while Val thinks. It's a small shock when she speaks again, "My grandparents fled from the USSR like in the 50s."
Shit again. Jeez, any more mines you're going to tapdance into?
"Val, I'm sorry. I didn't... I wasn't trying to..."
She gently cuts you off, "It was a long time ago. But still, figured you should know."
Wait, is this a pointer for an eventual family meet? This girl... One thing at a time though.
"Actually, on that note, your surname: Sojka. I was wondering about that. Figured it was some flavor of Eastern European, but I didn't want to assume..."
"It's Polish actually," Val perks up a bit. "But my folks are kind of from a bunch of places over there."
"Oh, that's neat! Do you speak Polish?"
"Nyet," Val chuckles a bit ruefully, "But I know *chutochky* Russian. Y'know, because of the imperialsim." She pinches a bit of air between her fingers as she uses the Russian term, nonverbally translating to "a little".
She continues, "But I did grow up eating tons of good home-cooked Polish stuff! Probably why I'm so *beeg and stronk*!" She laughingly slips into a deep, accented voice towards the end. A moment later, she slaps the table. "Oh, man, now I want some pierogi. Hehe, wanna come over tonight? I'll cook a ton of good old world food and feed you enough to grow up big and strong!"
"I'm all for trying something new," You grin, "But I'm pretty sure the only growing I'll be doing anymore will be wider rather than taller."
"Hm... Funny as it sounds, I wouldn't actually mind that." Val reaches across the table and gently grasps your wrist. Your heart skips two beats: one from her statement, the other from her grasp.
